Updated readme, added configuration options (#64)
jupyter-server/jupyter-scheduler: README.md

A JupyterLab extension for running notebook jobs

This extension is composed of a Python package named `jupyter_scheduler`
for the server extension and a NPM package named `@jupyterlab/scheduler`
for the frontend extension. Installation of this extension provides a

> REST api that implements actions to run, query, stop and delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REST API to run, query, stop and delete
```

### Packaging the extension

See [RELEASE](RELEASE.md)

### Configuring the extension

> The server extension comes with some configurable options, that helps with replacing the Scheduler server API, replacing the execution engine, re-creating database tables, selecting a database path. Here is the list of all options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the server extension to replace the Scheduler server API, replace the execution engine, re-create the database tables, and select a database path.
```

#### drop_tables

> Setting this value to `True` will re-create the database tables on each JupyterLab start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this value to `True` will re-create the database tables on each JupyterLab start. This will destroy all existing data. It may be necessary if your database's schema is out of date.
```

```
jupyter lab --SchedulerApp.drop_tables=True
```

#### db_url

> The fully qualified url of the database, for example a SQLite database path will look like `sqlite:///<database-file-path>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fully qualified URL of the database. For example, a SQLite database path will look like `sqlite:///<database-file-path>`.
```

```
jupyter lab --SchedulerApp.db_url=sqlite:///<database-file-path>
```

#### scheduler_class

> The fully classified classname to use for the scheduler api. This class should extend from `jupyter_scheduler.scheduler.BaseScheduler` and implement all abstract methods. Default class is `jupyter_scheduler.scheduler.Scheduler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fully classified classname to use for the scheduler API. This class should extend `jupyter_scheduler.scheduler.BaseScheduler` and implement all abstract methods. The default class is `jupyter_scheduler.scheduler.Scheduler`.
```

```
jupyter lab --SchedulerApp.scheduler_class=jupyter_scheduler.scheduler.Scheduler
```

#### environment_manager_class

> The fully classified classname to use for the environment manager. This class should extend from `jupyter_scheduler.environments.EnvironmentManager` and implement all abstract methods. Default class is `jupyter_scheduler.environments.CondaEnvironmentManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fully classified classname to use for the environment manager. This class should extend `jupyter_scheduler.environments.EnvironmentManager` and implement all abstract methods. The default class is `jupyter_scheduler.environments.CondaEnvironmentManager`.
```

```
jupyter lab --SchedulerApp.environment_manager_class=jupyter_scheduler.environments.CondaEnvironmentManager
```

#### execution_manager_class

> The fully classified classname to use for the execution manager. Execution manager is the module that is responsible for reading the input file, executing and writing the output. This provides control over using a custom execution engine without replacing the whole scheduler api. This class should extend from `jupyter_scheduler.executors.ExecutionManager` and implement the execute method. Default class is `jupyter_scheduler.executors.DefaultExecutionManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fully classified classname to use for the execution manager, the module that is responsible for reading the input file, executing and writing the output. This option lets you specify a custom execution engine without replacing the whole scheduler API. This class should extend `jupyter_scheduler.executors.ExecutionManager` and implement the execute method. The default class is `jupyter_scheduler.executors.DefaultExecutionManager`.
```
